xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xA  x     x         x             x
x x x xxx x xxxxx xxx x xxxxxxxxx x
x x   x       x       x     x     x
x xxx xxx x xxx xxx x x xxx x xxx x
x   x   x x   x x   x x   x x   x x
xxx x xxx 32xx x x xxx x xxx x xxx x
x   x     x   x x x x x     x   x x
x xxxxx xxxxx x x x x xxxxx xxxxx x
x       x   x   x x   x   x x     x
xxxxxxx x x xxx x xxx x x x xxx xxx
x       x x x   x x   x x x x x   x
x xxxxx xxx x xxx xxx x x x x xxx x
x x       x x x     x x x   x     x
x x xxxxx x x x xxx x x xxx xxxxx x
x x x     x   x   x   x x         x
x x xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx x x xxxxxxxxx
x x       x       x     x         x
x xxxxxxx xxxx#xxx x xxx xxxxx xxx x
x       x x   x   x   x x   x x   x
x xxxxx x xxxxxxx xxx x xxx x x x x
x x   x   x x     x   x     x x x x
x x xxxxxxx xxxxx x xxxxxxx x x x x
x                    x         x x x
xxxxxxxxxx xxx xxx  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxx   xx  xx  xxxx   xxxxxxxxxxxxx
x   x               x             x
x x x xxx x xxxxx xxx x xxxxxxxxx x
x x   x       x       x     x     x
x xxx xxx x xxx xxx x x xxx x xxx x
x   x   x x   x x   x x   x x   x x
xxx x xxx 32xx x x xxx x xxx x xxx x
x   x     x   x x x x x     x   x x
x xxxxx xxxxx x x x x xxxxx xxxxx x
x       x   x   x x   x   x x     x
xxxxxxx x x xxx x xxx x x x xxx xxx
x       x x x   x x   x x x x x   x
x xxxxx xxx x xxx xxx x x x x xxx x
x x       x x x     x x x   x     x
x x xxxxx x x x xxx x x xxx xxxxx x
x x x     x   x   x   x x         x
x x xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx x x xxxxxxxxx
x x       x       x     x         x
x xxxxxxx xxxx#xxx x xxx xxxxx xxx x
x       x x   x   x   x x   x x   x
x xxxxx x xxxxxxx xxx x xxx x x x x
xxx x xxx 32xx x   xxx x xxx x xxx x
xxx x xxx 32xx x   xxx x xxx x xxx x
x x       x x     x   x     x x x x
x x xxxxxxx xxxxx x xxxxxxx x x x x
x               B   x         x x x
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx